1) Display the details of THOSE WHO are drawing the same salary.
2) Display the details of software developed by male programmers earing MORE than 3000.
3) Display details of packages developed in PASCAL by female programmers.
4) Display the details of these programmer WHO joined BEFORE 1990. 
5)Display details of software developed in C by female programmers of  PRAGATHI.
6) Display NUMBER of packages NUMBER of copies sold and sales value of EACH programmer Institute-wise.
7) Display details of software developed in DBASE by male programmers WHO belong  to the institute on which  MOST NUMBER OF programmers studies.
8) Display the details of the software that was developed by male programmers born BEFORE 1965 and female programmers born AFTER 1975.
9) Display the details of the software that was developed in the language that is NOT the programmers first proficiency.  
10) Display details of software that was developed in the language which is NITHER first NOR second proficiency of the programmer.
11) Display details of software developed by male students of SABHARI.
12) Display the names of programmers WHO HAVE NOT developed any package.
13) What is the total cost of the software developed by the programmers by  APPLE?
14) Who are the programmers WHO JOINED in the same day?
15) Who are the programmers WHO HAVE THE SAME PROF2?
16) Display the total sales values of software, institutes-wise.
17) In which institutes did the person who developed the COSTLIEST package study?
18) Which language listed in prof1 and prof2 HAS NOT BEEN used to develop any package? 
19) How much does the person WHO developed the HIGHEST selling package earn and WHAT  course did he/she undergo?
20) How many months will it take for each programmer to recover the cost of the course  underwent?
21) Which is the COSTLIEST package developed by a person with under 3 years expenence?
22) What is the AVERAGE salary for those WHOSE software's sales value is more than 50,000?
23) How many packages were developed by the students WHO studied in the institute that  Charge the LOWEST course fee?
24) How many packages were developed by the person WHO developed the CHEAPEST package. Where did he\she study?
25) How many packages were developed by female programmers earning MORE than the HIGHEST  paid male programmer?
26) How many packages were developed by the MOST experienced programmers from BDPS.
27) List the programmers (from software table) and institutes they studied, including those WHO DIDN'T develop any package.
28) List each profit with the number of programmers having that prof1 and the number  of packages developed in that prof1.
29) List programmer names (from programmer table) and number of packages EACH developed. 
30) List all the details of programmers who has done a course at S.S.I.L.